release notes for react sdk added (#5303)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

 - The `CFClient.destroy` is now fixed after not completing correctly on iOS. (FFM-10596)

### React SDK

#### Version 1.8.1

>  - The `useFeatureFlagsClient` Hook and the `withFeatureFlagsClient` HOC have successfully been imported as part of the 1.8.1 Release. (FFM-10591)

Author: The PR that was mentioned in the RN ticket mentioned that the HOC and hook were released in 1.8.0 and wasn't indexed correctly. I can remove mentioning the version?

> ### React SDK
> 
> #### Version 1.8.1
> 
>  - The `useFeatureFlagsClient` Hook and the `withFeatureFlagsClient` HOC have successfully been imported as part of the 1.8.1 Release. (FFM-10591)

Reviewer: I would add in the 1.8.0 release since it's kinda weird having a bug fix for something that wasn't mentioned in the release notes.
```suggestion
### React SDK

#### Version 1.8.1

 - We've fixed an issue where the new `useFeatureFlagsClient` hook and the `withFeatureFlagsClient` HOC were not correctly exported, making it more complex to import into your application (FFM-10591)
 
#### Version 1.8.0

- We've added a new `useFeatureFlagsClient` hook and `withFeatureFlagsClient` HOC to allow easy access to the instance of the Javascript Client SDK which the React Client SDK uses under the hood (FFM-10522)
```

Author: Thanks for the feedback as well. I appreciate that!
